guide/design first java (#381)
bump-sh/docs: src/_guides/openapi/design-first-spring.md

```java
@RestController
class EmployeeController {

	private final EmployeeRepository repository;

	EmployeeController(EmployeeRepository repository) {
		this.repository = repository;
	}

	@GetMapping("/employees")
	List<Employee> all() {
		return repository.findAll();
	}

	@PostMapping("/employees")
	Employee newEmployee(@RequestBody Employee newEmployee) {
		return repository.save(newEmployee);
	}
```

When a request is made it will try and create a record with `name` and `role`,
but if either property is missing (or misspelled) it will just save it anyway. 

```bash
curl -iXPOST -H 'content-type:application/json' \
  localhost:8080/employees \
  --data '{"role":"thief","nam":"Bilbo"}'
```

```http
HTTP/1.1 200
Content-Type: application/json

{"id":3,"name":null,"role":"thief"}
```

Oops!

This API needs more validation.

**Bringing OpenAPI into the Spring Boot Application**

If we're going to teach Spring Boot and OpenAPI to get along, let's first move OpenAPI somewhere Spring Boot is expecting it and de-clutter our root in the process. A great place for this is the `src/main/resources/api/` directory.

```shell
mkdir -p src/main/resources/api

> mv openapi.yaml src/main/resources/api/openapi.yaml

Reviewer: nit: would it change a lot to move this under `.../resources/openapi/openapi.yaml` ? if the relative path contains an `openapi` directory then kappa will consider it as a "root dircetory", so it will omit the `file:/Users/...` prefix from the schema locations. Overall it makes the outputs nicer.

Reviewer: > Is that just renaming the api to openapi

Yes, that's it :)

Reviewer: Hello @philsturgeon Kappa right now doesn't understand wildcard content types (`*/*`) which are used in the 404 response definitions of openapi.yaml. Please update them to `application/json` for now - I will try to find some time in August to fix it, but it is unlikely to happen sooner.

Reviewer: > you said about switching to openapi/ would filter file:/Users out of the output doesn't seem to be happening.

Indeed. Actually it is done only by the [default ValidationFailureSender](https://github.com/erosb/kappa/blob/master/kappa-servlet-adapter/src/main/java/com/github/erosb/kappa/operation/validator/adapters/server/servlet/ValidationFailureSender.java#L41) but that's not used by this example.

What do you think about:
 * removing the `RFC9457FailureSender` from this example project, moving it over to Kappa
 * fix it to exclude the `file:/Users` part from `"schemaLocation"` like the default sender does
 * release a new kappa version and use it in this example?

Author: I would like all of that very much please! :D

public class EmployeeApiTest {

    @Autowired
    MockMvc mvc;

    /**
     * Fails because the openapi.yaml describes a HTTP 201 Created response code, but the SUT responds with 200 OK.
     */
    @Test
    void responseCodeMismatch() throws Exception {
        mvc.perform(post("/employees").contentType(MediaType.APPLICATION_JSON)
                .content("""
                        {
                            "name": "Bilbo",
                            "role": "ring-bearer"
                        }
                        """))
                // here we don't exactly specify the expected response code
                // but due to @EnableKappaContractTesting, Kappa will still check if the response code is in the openapi.yaml
                .andExpect(status().is2xxSuccessful());
    }

    /**
     * Fails because the 404 response in the openapi.yaml describes a mandatory "id" property, but it isn't present in the response
     */
    @Test
    void notFoundResponseBodyMismatch() throws Exception {
        mvc.perform(MockMvcRequestBuilders.get("/employees/22").accept(MediaType.APPLICATION_JSON))
                .andExpect(status().isNotFound())

>                 // actually, this is the json that will be returned by the endpoint, but it doesn't match the openapi description because it is missing the "message" property

Reviewer: ```suggestion
                // actually, this is the json that will be returned by the endpoint, but it doesn't match the openapi description because of the missing "id" property
```
